What husband?
Who are you?
Really?
I'm the one who thinks about you every day
The man of yours
You are more beautiful than I imagined
Really?
The slap was only 0.01 cm away from my face at that time
But after 1/4 of the incense stick
The mistress of the slap
Will fall in love with me completely
I am Ye Wushuang
You are Ye Wushuang
That's me.
Does your future husband have any experience?
Who said you are my husband?
I am a family, what are the two talking about?
I said what are you doing
Hey, is your home pretty good?
Good, I'm satisfied.
Are you satisfied?
I'll tell you what.
I haven't agreed to my grandfather's engagement yet
It's okay, you will agree.
Thank you.
You said you were Ye Wushuang
How do you prove it?
Why do you still want to check your identity?
You're a hooligan